[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Hi, I'm
your host, Emery Smith.
Have you ever wondered
what the etheric field
and the atomic field is
and how to define it?
What does it mean to be
connected to the etheric field?
And how can you control it?
These are just some
of the questions
we will be answering today with
my guest, Randy Veitenheimer
Randy, thanks for
coming on the show.
>>RANDY VEITENHEIMER:
Good to see you.
>>SMITH: While in
the projects, Randy,
they were measuring all
sorts of fields of energy
from light, to sound, to scalar.
And one of these fields were
called the atomic fields.
And they were measuring them
on different types of craft
and different types
of beings and also
designing devices to measure
this amount of force.
In your experience, what
is this atomic field?
>>VEITENHEIMER: What
I think is happening
and what I think
you are observing
was our scientists
coming to understand
that all physical matter
has a vibratory effect
on its surroundings.
So that vibratory
effect can be measured.
If we take it as atomic
particles, subatomic particles,
they're in constant movement.
And because of that movement,
they are creating a signature,
and they're creating
an energy field.
So if you're going to be
interacting with something,
you would want to
be in either close
proximity or in
the same signature
line of that particular item.
This is true in the plant world.
It's true in the animal world.
And we can call it a propensity.
We can call it a
preference so that it's not
just that you like
your dog, or you
like a certain animal, or even
a certain type of aircraft.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: It's that
you have an affinity with it.
And that affinity is that it's
vibrating a certain signature,
and you are too.
Or you are reciprocal to
it and responding to it.
>>SMITH: I look at this
atomic field as more of us
and the matrix as the 3D
structure of something
that we can measure
because that's
what they can do now with atoms,
and electrons, and protons.
And I've noticed that it
also has a correlation.
Because beyond that, then you
get into this etheric field,
where you can go
from the subatomic
and into this new field of
energy that people talk about.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>>SMITH: What is
this etheric field
that they go from this 3D,
and then, now, this energy
is somehow connected
or transforms
into this etheric field as well?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Well, if we
go to history, somewhere back
in time, science became enamored
with the physical world,
the physical sciences.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And if it's
not a physical science,
then it's woo-woo.
Right?
That's a Chinese
term, by the way.
And actually, woo-woo refers
to the higher energies
of the human body,
which is interesting.
But one of the
things they did is
they kept going
smaller and smaller
and smaller and in the atomic
world or in the physical world.
But at some point,
you run out of matter.
And at that point,
you run into fields.
>>SMITH: Can these fields,
such as the etheric field,
actually reciprocate or
reverse, come back into 3D
and affect you.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
What happens is, at that point,
around the turn of the century,
they came up with
quantum mechanics.
And quantum mechanics said that
there was particles and waves.
And you could influence
that particular property
of its existence by observation.
This is quantum mechanics.
But if you take that further,
the information that I think
they left out, or
didn't focus on,
was the power of the observer.
Your powers of observation have
a direct effect on the field.
Think about just
looking at somebody
or looking at something.
You're having a field
interaction with them.
>>SMITH: Right, I've noticed
this transition while
in the projects where they
were trying to build devices
to measure these fields.
And then they were
trying to figure out--
because there were
some people that--
everyone has it, but
there were some people
that were more gifted with
it to sense these things
and give readings.
What are some of the
3D aspects of this?
How did they measure it?
What were they using?
Because I see these gigantic
devices down underground
that was used to measure
different types of fields.
Through your experience, have
you seen any type of device
that measures these?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes, to
answer your question.
Last year, they gave
a Nobel science award
to a couple of
scientists that had
detected gravitational waves.
So at the bottom end of
let's call it wave theory,
this was a goal, to be able
to detect these things.
And it's interesting that those
detectors employ detectors
both above ground
and deep under Earth.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: So
the isolation is
to isolate and be able to
identify those types of waves.
And then, of course, we
developed Geiger counters
to measure atomic
particle emissions.
And then we have EMF
devices that measure fields.
But what happens is, human
beings are sensitive to them.
Animals are sensitive to them.
So there is also some innate
either structure or function
in humanity and
animals, even plants,
that allows them to interact,
interpret, and identify
electromagnetic waves
or etheric fields.
>>SMITH: Why is it so
important, this etheric field,
on the planet, off planet,
in our own system of energy,
and light spectrums,
and things like this?
What are some of
the positive things?
And why?
What is it used for?
What can we use it for?
>>VEITENHEIMER:
Back in the '70s,
there was a book written
called "Secret Life of Plants."
And Peter Tompkins, Marcel Vogel
were instrumental in that book.
And I studied with
Marcel Vogel, and we
started talking about this.
And one of the things that came
up was field communication.
We think about talking to
someone or writing someone.
These are physical acts.
But there's field
communication going on.
There's information
being shared.
And one of the
comments that came up
was, what if California
falls in the ocean, right?
And one of the ladies
there said, well,
you would know it
was going to happen
because the etheric
field would disappear.
And now, I'm going
to shift on you.
I worked on a recent client
who had delivered a baby.
And we measured her
etheric field, the mother.
And then we measured the
etheric field of the child.
And a child is born with
a large etheric field.
>>SMITH: How can
you regulate that?
>>VEITENHEIMER: There's
a lot of different ways.
Obviously, least effort
would be to be happy.
>>SMITH: Right.
Positivity.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
A happy person, a joyful person,
their etheric field is larger.
In a human being, it extends
about two or three inches
above the physical form.
And people can see this is.
This is where we give
rise the idea of auras
and electromagnetic fields.
But there's a lot more to it.
That's just the first layer.
Your etheric layer
is your first layer.
But when it disappears,
then you're sick.
When it disappears, you
do not have the ability
to function at
your highest level.
And definitely, through
yoga, martial arts,
there's a lot of secret martial
arts that deal with this.
And that is techniques
that develop
to increase the density
and the information
density of that field
and to be able to utilize
that in your daily life.
>>SMITH: Right.
Because you're susceptible
to these fields daily
that are negatively
affecting us.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>>SMITH: And
negatively affecting
our genetic structure actually.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
And that's actually true because
the depletion of the energy
field likely increases your
sensitivity and malleability
of your atomic structure
and your own physical cells.
And this is something
that science is just
now kind of like coming
out and playing with.
But really, field research got
kicked to the curb back in the,
I would say, the '20s or
'30s with the perversion
of Maxwell's equations, which
dealt with field equations.
And they got modified.
And they don't actually
produce the information
that we would need to be more
conversant, more knowledgeable
about those fields.
>>SMITH: Right.
I know you've taught and spoken
in many different underground
projects and were associated
with these types of things
back in the day.
And even you and I meeting
and some of the training
I received from
you helped so much
in increasing the
etheric field by--
what's the best way we
could talk to the people
about increasing
your etheric field?
Besides being happy,
there's other avenues
we could use to
teach these people.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Well,
all forms of movement
increase the flow of
energy through the body.
Right?
All kinds of emotions
decrease the flow of energy
through the body.
So it's not just to increase it.
We tell people, you should
listen to what you say
and you should see yourself.
So we should hear ourselves,
and we should see ourselves.
This also a Native
American teaching.
And the idea behind
it is the more aware
you are of what you
say, and particularly,
in a positive or
negative manner.
And in the same way,
you see yourself.
You see yourself moving.
So the idea of
gymnastics, martial arts,
ballet is smoother movement.
That represents an integration
of mind, body, and the brain.
So any exercise like that.
Now, to get into
specific exercises,
it gets into
certain disciplines,
and it gets into the individual.
It becomes subjective.
And that's why it's hard to tell
people that you should do this
or that because it
depends on your age.
It depends a lot
of circumstances.
>>SMITH: Right.
Like, there's positive and
negative parts to this too.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>>SMITH: It could be
used for other things.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>>SMITH: Could you maybe
give us some examples
through your experience on that?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Well, you become
projective of consciousness.
So one of the things that people
generally don't think about
is that, actually, words
do hurt, or words do help.
>>SMITH: As a form?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
It's a old language.
It's a thought form.
And we can energize
a thought form.
We can energize a
thought in our mind.
And then we can displace that
thought, or we can send it on.
And now, we're in
direct communication
with that other person at a
level beyond just speaking.
We're actually
field interactive.
So people that are together
for a long period of time
become homogeneous in
their field interactions.
They understand each
other, we would say.
And all of that comes
about through practice.
So what I teach is
discipline is what
would allow you to do that.
And which discipline
depends on the person.
There's a lot of things
out there in martial arts,
yoga, meditation.
All those things allow you to
determine what is best for you.
>>SMITH: I've noticed
in our trainings
that these 3D atomic
particles around us that
are always bombarding
us are actually weapons.
And I also believe the
voice, sound, is a weapon.
Me talking to someone,
or yelling at them,
or cursing them can actually
break your etheric field.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>>SMITH: And so there's--
I think it's
important for everyone
to know that these techniques
that you are speaking of
can actually up
regulate this field.
But it can also break it down.
Is that true?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes,
that's definitely true.
One of the things that happens
is when you speak to a person,
you're not just
transferring information,
you're transferring an emotion.
You're transferring things
that are outside the intellect.
Hey, what time is it?
Nice day.
And when you speak normally,
the communication, we'd say,
is open and free-flowing.
As soon as you put emotion
into it, you have ramped it up.
And as soon as you
put emotion in it,
particularly a negative
emotion, then it
becomes what I call a spell.
OK?
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: It's like you're
putting a spell on the person.
You're trying to influence
them with your own thoughts.
>>SMITH: And get a reaction.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
And your own position.
>>SMITH: To defeat them.
>>VEITENHEIMER: But
if we keep going,
let's say I put not only
negative energy into it
but I put negative words.
I start cursing.
And now, we have the original
definition of a curse.
A curse was something
that had a lot of energy
in it and of a negative state.
And then I take that and
project it at a person.
And so when you
yell at somebody,
when you put a lot
of curse words in it,
you are literally
cursing that person.
If that person has a weak
or normal energy field,
they will be susceptible to
the changes in direction.
And the outcome will
be that they either
experience what you're
projecting at them,
or they weaken
their field so much
that the next available
pathogen, or cold, or flu bug
that comes along, they get it.
And they say, well, I don't
know how I got the flu.
Well, it may not
you got the flu.
You may have an argument with
your girlfriend, or your wife,
or your husband, or
boyfriend, or something.
You may have an argument
with your child or your boss.
And all these are
field weakening.
And at that point, we would
want to do some very simple
techniques to be able to
restore, regain, or increase
their energy.
>>SMITH: I can completely
attest to that, because working
in the underground
facilities, I actually
had to go onto this platform.
Before going into
any room, there
was an extraterrestrial
to make sure
that I was at peace
with myself and not
angry from the night before.
And of course, they taught
us later on how to do that.
And you have taught me how
to do this by meditation,
and clearing your emotions,
and getting them out.
Because this device you stand
on somehow helps get rid of--
it resets your emotion, kind of
like how we reset our emotion.
Because if you go
into this field
or into this room with this
extraterrestrial who picks up
on every little
thing, it could damage
the relationship and the
communication of telepathy.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
What happened, the
machine you're standing on
is a grounding machine.
And what it does is
it's field interactive
with your own
electromagnetic field.
And before you can
talk to somebody--
even in everyday life, we
would call it a full reset.
You would ground yourself.
You would center yourself.
This is martial arts.
And it's bandied about,
but not a lot of people
know the exact techniques.
But in centering yourself,
you would be yourself.
And you would not have any
particular emotional state
because any emotional
state's going to interfere
with your ability to perceive.
We call it bias.
You have a field bias
that is negative in nature
because you're experiencing
an emotional reaction
when you should be strictly at
an intellectual or above level
of consciousness in
those interactions.
>>SMITH: Is there
anything out there
that you are aware
of in your experience
that the government
or the corporations
have that are affecting
our etheric fields daily
amongst the larger cities?
>>VEITENHEIMER: You
know, around 1900,
they said that
there was basically
only two or three
electromagnetic fields that
were extant and interactive
with a human being,
and of course, the sun
being the major one.
I disagree with that.
I think the entire
electromagnetic spectrum
of the universe
would be primarily
and the sun secondary.
But that's my opinion.
>>SMITH: I agree.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And when
we come off of that,
then around 1900s when
we had telegraph wires.
And any wire that
transmits electricity
creates an
electromagnetic field.
And the field can be much larger
than amount of voltage that's
flowing through the wire.
So what that means
is that if you're
standing next to those wires,
you could be affected by them.
And even today, as
we've progressed up
through the satellites--
Telstar and things in the '60s--
and then we got cell
phone towers, TV towers.
I mean, we just keep adding on.
So the electromagnetic spectrum
has become highly populated.
In this room right
here today, there's
77 different
electromagnetic signatures
flowing through the room--
radio, TV, 4G, 5G.
It just goes on forever.
And the human being
electromagnetic field
is interactive with all
of them and really has
no defenses against them.
We have become interactive.
We've become influenced.
And we have no knowledge
of where that leads
or the evolutionary outcome
of those type of interactions.
We have more data now.
And the data is
electronically transmitted.
So we think more,
or have the ability
to interact more with those
fields and those information
states.
And it's having an effect on us.
We obviously don't run
around in a copper suit.
[LAUGHS]
>>SMITH: Right.
That would be the
next question is,
from the 3D atomic
field or the 3D matrix,
what is there to affect
the etheric field?
Or is there?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Well, the
atomic, subatomic field,
lead was--
[LAUGHS]
>>SMITH: I noticed they started
putting lead in the cockpits
only on airplanes because of
all the recent brain cancer that
the--
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes, the cosmic
rays coming in at a higher
altitude have a greater impact.
Yeah, it's interesting.
And this is where
supplements, mineralization.
Obviously, a person has
a certain mineral balance
in the body.
He's either going to be
more or less affected.
And that's the type of research
that I've been doing lately.
Because we do need some sort
of not exactly protection,
but ability to not be influenced
or affected by those fields.
>>SMITH: Right, to
enhance those fields
that your genetic DNA give off.
I'm very familiar with this.
This is one of my, also,
specialties, as you know.
And there's things
to actually increase
the voltage of the etheric
field through that,
taking different
minerals and supplements
and things that affect
your body, your whole field
as a whole.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
One of the things is, we
have remote charging now.
I love this.
There's an electromagnetic
fields, static or standing
wave, in your room.
And you lay your device on it.
And now, you don't even have
to lay your device on it.
You can be 5 or 10 feet away.
The implication is,
well, we're no different.
The only difference is, we're
drawing another form of energy
that I refer to as life force.
But we're constantly
recharged from five feet
away or 10 feet away.
Some language would
be involved in that.
But that's really the idea.
The more life force
you have, the greater
your resistance to outside
or inside influences.
>>SMITH: Why are there some
3D atomic structures, devices
and people, that have a
greater field than others?
And why did they
give off these fields
stronger than other
things in comparison?
>>VEITENHEIMER: It's the
idea of the sum of the parts
is greater than the whole.
>>SMITH: Right.
[LAUGHS]
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right?
It's the idea that taking one
item and adding another item,
we can calibrate up or
down either from its effect
or interactiveness.
And then we throw
in another one.
And the whole time,
we're calibrating,
calibrating it up or down.
We're trying to determine
the benefit according
to the outcome that
we're searching for.
>>SMITH: Increasingly, the
etheric field, I think,
is what everyone's
going to want to do--
exercising, keeping the body in
movement, taking supplements.
Would you say these
are some of the things
that we could utilize right
now, right out the door,
after hearing this?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
But those are what we
call the beginning steps.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And
as you go along,
people always ask, what next?
What next?
>>SMITH: Sure.
>>VEITENHEIMER: But
one of the great things
about developing
your etheric field,
you become more interactive
with the entire universe,
universal field, whatever
you want to call it,
the field of consciousness.
In other words, you
become more knowing
of what to do next, or who to
talk to, or what book to buy,
or what teacher or sensei to go
to that would help you along.
So it's everybody's
job to seek is
what we call it,
to seek out that
which is beneficial to them.
>>SMITH: Right.
How can these fields,
both atomic and etheric,
be manipulated as a whole?
I know that's an unlimited
question, because everything
affects everything.
But what are some of the
things in your experience
that you notice affect these
fields the most in a person's
just normal state,
the physical body?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Food.
>>SMITH: Food?
>> [LAUGHS]
>>SMITH: You are what you eat.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
Well, it's not only that.
It's the components
of that food.
And now, we go into the
chemistry of the body.
There was a Nobel chemist
that I used to argue with.
And his definition of
life was chemistry,
that all life is strictly
a chemical interaction.
And my response to
that, well, somebody
had to put those
chemicals in proximity.
Somebody had to eat something.
Right?
And that's just on
the physical side.
>>SMITH: Yeah, in my experience,
we call that chemogenesis,
life from chemicals.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
Right.
And it leaves out--
just like Einsteinian
physics, they
hint at it in Rosen-Einstein
bridges and stuff.
They do start getting
off into the fact
that there's field
interactiveness.
And again, it amazes
me that there's not
more available or public data.
Because anything that's
going to happen from here to
the future is going to
be field interactions.
>>SMITH: Always.
>>VEITENHEIMER: That's it.
Right.
>>SMITH: Got it.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Whether
it's space travel,
whether it's human health, field
interactions is where it's at.
>>SMITH: I believe, Randy, that
the world's ready for this.
On a conscious level,
I think this science
needs to be more
explained and taught,
not be put off to the side as
some conspiracy theory type
thing.
Because it has been measured.
There are ways to measure it.
It does exist.
The military is using it.
And the compartmentalized
projects and the corporations
are utilizing this.
And I just think it's,
as a whole, something
that we probably need
to keep revisiting.
What do you think?
Are the people ready for this?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Oh, yes.
There's a couple of things that
come into play at this point.
One of the ways we could
look at it is shelf space.
When you go into a
grocery store, everybody
that's a vendor there
fights for shelf space.
Right?
And in our daily lives,
we fight for shelf space
until we become comfortable
with what we're seeing.
Right?
So for somebody to
consider developing field
interactiveness or
field development,
historically, it's been taught
from Yogananda in our country
since 1900s and other
yoga techniques.
But there's a lot more.
The martial arts goes
back thousands of years
and even further for
other disciplines.
So the idea is, you would
create some space for you
to be able to explore this.
It's very simple.
When people talk about,
well, I don't know this,
or I don't understand it, you
haven't created enough space
in your life to pursue it.
And it's very simple.
30 minutes a day to read
it or 30 minutes a day
to do an exercise--
all these things would
be beneficial to you.
And then we have
another problem.
And I refer to this as
algorithmic integrative
programming.
It's the idea that we are only
able to accept information
provided to us in
a formal setting--
universities, jobs, family
structures, socio-structures--
>>SMITH: Which is
mostly disinformation.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>>SMITH: To help reprogram you.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Well, it
certainly fills up the space.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And
again, to break out
of that would require
you to go, OK,
I have learned all
these things in my life,
but I think it's time
to learn something new,
something that might benefit.
And now, you have
to do your research.
>>SMITH: That's
what I'm getting.
That's what I'm
hearing out there
from a lot of my colleagues.
And a lot of the fans out
there are ready for this.
And I think it's a great
thing we had this conversation
because it's raising
the consciousness,
just speaking about it
right here in front of you.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>>SMITH: Well, thank you, Randy,
for coming on to the show.
>>VEITENHEIMER: You're welcome.
>>SMITH: That was an interesting
conversation with Randy
on the importance of the
atomic and etheric fields
and just how prevalent they
are in our day-to-day lives.
Hope to see you next episode.
I'm your host, Emery Smith.
And remember, stay vigilant.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]